Add doc on verifying container images from the bundle manifest file (#7410)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/clustermgmt/verify-cluster-image.md

---
title: "Verify Cluster Images"
linkTitle: "Delete cluster"
weight: 90
aliases:

>     /docs/tasks/cluster/verify-cluster-images/

Reviewer: You don't need the aliases line and the one that follows. In other files, we used them when files were moved from other locations so someone going to the original page would be redirected.

date: 2017-01-05
description: >
  How to verify cluster images 
---

### Verify Cluster Images

> Starting from v0.19.0 release, all the images that we use in cluster operations are signed using AWS Signer and Notation CLI. Anyone can verify signatures associated with the container images EKS-A uses. Signatures are valid till 2 years. To verify container images, one would have to perform below steps,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v0.19.0 release, all the images used in cluster operations are signed using AWS Signer and Notation CLI. Anyone can verify signatures associated with the container images EKS Anywhere uses. Signatures are valid for two years. To verify container images, one would have to perform the following steps:
```

1. Install and configure the latest version of the AWS CLI. For more information, see [Installing or updating the latest version of the AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) in the AWS Command Line Interface User Guide.

2. Download the container-signing tools from [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/signer/latest/developerguide/image-signing-prerequisites.html) by following step 3.

> 3. Make sure notation CLI is configured along with AWS Signer plugin and AWS CLI. Create a JSON file with the following trust policy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure notation CLI is configured along with the AWS Signer plugin and AWS CLI. Create a JSON file with the following trust policy. 
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: Indent all the lines in this code blocks three spaces.

{
   "version":"1.0",
   "trustPolicies":[
      {
         "name":"aws-signer-tp",
         "registryScopes":[
            "*"
         ],
         "signatureVerification":{
            "level":"strict"
         },
         "trustStores":[
            "signingAuthority:aws-signer-ts"
         ],
         "trustedIdentities":[
            "arn:aws:signer:us-west-2:857151390494:/signing-profiles/notationimageSigningProfileECR_rGorpoAE4o0o"
         ]
      }
   ]
}
```

4. Import above trust policy using:

> ```bash

Reviewer: Indent the lines in this code block three spaces.

notation policy import <json-file>
```

5. Get the bundle of the version for which you want to verify an image:

> ```bash

Reviewer: Indent code block three spaces.

export EKSA_RELEASE_VERSION=v0.19.0
BUNDLE_MANIFEST_URL=$(curl -sL https://anywhere-assets.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/eks-a/manifest.yaml | yq ".spec.releases[] | select(.version==\"$EKSA_RELEASE_VERSION\").bundleManifestUrl")
```

6. Get the image you want to verify by downloading BUNDLE_MANIFEST_URL file.
7. Run below command to verify the image signature

> ```bash

Reviewer: Indent code block three spaces.
